fancy process and the global transparency reporting.
We do it at entity, at legal entity level.
To why during the project, we wanted to have one combined report
for two legal entities.
What was the rationale behind would you
know that Felix, do you know Rashid?
So for India, we have two company codes.
Ion01 and Ion10.
So now we have been tracking all the payment information,
even when India was an internal market.
We have been using both the company codes
and tracking the details in GTC for both of these company
codes.
We were not sure that these two are two separate legal entities,
so to say.
So this was observed very recently, Matthew,
when we were going to prepare the idea report,
that is very important.
I understand that the details.
So Rashid, if I understand what you're saying
is that there was not a conscious decision
from the global transparency team to merge two legal entities
to one, it's just that we didn't know, right?
OK.
Now, the thing is that then the system has
been set up only for, has been linked to only one legal entity,
not the two of them.
Is that correct, Rashid?
We are uploading data for both.
There is no segregation, but we are uploading data
for both of these.
But for ITR, you would need then two ITR entries
for the two legal entities.
Yes.
Right now, we have a combined report for both
where there is no segregation basis the legal entity.
OK.
And do we know what the local codes say in India?
Do they say one reporting per legal entity?
Is it legal requirements?
I mean, at least a regular requirement.
It is with you.
It needs to.
Yeah, it is.
Because the other entity, which is the Novartis India
Limited, is the listed entity.
It's listed on the stock exchange.
And that needs to be disclosed separately.
OK.
And I think then the answer is pretty simple, right?
So what is the deadline for the reporting?
I understand it's in a week time.
It's end of May.
This weekend, I would say, target.
OK.
So there is no chance that with IQVA, we can set up the ITR
for the missing legal entities.
Is it a statistic?
I don't think so, Matthew.
But what we can do is one option is we can generate
at least one report with the maximum major values
and invalidate some of the spends for other legal entities.
OK.
Yes, definitely.
It's one possibility that we do Novartis LSCAR LTT
with ITR.
The only risk that we have is the duplicating,
the duplicate reporting, because there might be
how will you split the TEOVs per legal entity?
You see what I mean?
Satish is that there is a risk that we report some of the TEOVs
that are linked to Novartis India LTT,
meaning that when they will do the manual reporting
in Excel or whatever, there might be some duplicating TEOVs there.
No, we have that segregation at SAP level,
because we are using that data.
We have that segregation at the end.
So this is my understanding, Matthew.
We can generate one report.
So we can look at the maximum line items and maximum volume.
And if the volume with Novartis India limited is less,
then we can invalidate them and still generate a ITR report.
OK, so we can manually do that.
So for that expense, it's just one less question
before we take a decision.
So for that expense is clear, and I understand
there is no risk of duplication for indirect spend colleagues.
How do we make the split between the TEOVs?
For us, the source of data is only SAP Matthew.
There is no other indirect also.
We are taking it from SAP only.
Then we are good.
So I need this.
I would effectively be in favor to use the global transparency
solution for the reporting of one of the TEOVs,
but I really want the local compliance team
to be comfortable with that.
Perfect.
So Matthew, really the challenge is here on the second point.
Product is pretty quickly.
We already discussed earlier with Rashi.
And there was a work around that they proposed right now,
which we could have worked.
But challenge really is the second point
where we would have to capture the posting data as well,
which is not there currently in the SAP I bear report.
So that means we will have a missing data coming in the ITR report.
OK.
Just on this front, I don't.
So this is very different.
Usually transparency reporting is based on payment.
So we are disclosing what Novartis effectively
give to HTTP's, HEO's, and patient organizations.
What I'm trying to understand is, is it
are we sure that this is the regulatory requirement
to disclose at an event level and not at payment level,
because this is very new to me.
We don't have such situation in any of the 50
pressed countries that we are managing.
So Matthew, you're absolutely correct.
So Novartis, so not Novartis, India
has got a pretty unique regulatory requirement,
which requires the pharmaceutical organizations
to report at the event level, which
means once an event happens and the provisions are made,
so the postings that happens through the financial reporting
needs to be captured.
And this clarification has been
grow, has been received through the industry association,
and also through the Department of Pharmaceuticals
for India.
So this is a directive that we've,
so what happens is for March 31st is the annual year end.
So events that happen the last week or in the month,
depending on the contact of the vendors,
the payment will not get processed in time,
but it will get provisioned.
And if it gets provisioned, it can still be posted.
Yeah.
Payment can happen at a later stage.
So that needs to be, and because the event
has happened within the fiscal year,
it needs to be captured in the report.
Nice images.
OK.
But so, and we have a clear view on what
has been accrued as of March 31st, that the net needs,
sorry, that they need to be reported.
Do we have a clear visibility on the accords?
Absolutely.
There was absolutely, yes.
So Matthew, we know that there are payments that are posted,
which have to be considered for the purpose of reporting.
But if you are asking clear visibility,
I think we don't have that split between what is the exact payment
that needs to be, that is in the posting case state,
because that keeps on changing a week after week.
Can you repeat this last sentence?
I'll teach you the issue of the issue of the issue of the accords.
So let's assume you have an event of 100.
60 has been already invoiced as of March 1st,
so it's in an L has been paid, sorry, as in paid.
So it's already in ACP.
You have 40.
You know that the service has been executed,
so you have 40 that has been accrued.
But by March 31st, this has not been paid.
But those 40, if I understand well the whole that we have in India,
those 40 needs to be reflected.
But with the accords that have been done,
we should be able to link the accrued amount with the event.
No?
So Matthew, we don't have this event while identification.
There is a payment that does not happen yet.
So we don't have even spy event,
the split between paid and accrued.
But then colleagues, I mean, please don't get us wrong.
We will never force you to use a system
that you are not comfortable to use.
Honestly, considering the situation
and considering that we need to report by the end of the week,
this is really, we need to go with what we use,
what we feel is the best solution.
The thing is, if you don't have it for the global transparency solution,
you will not have it neither for in Excel, right?
So how do you plan to solve this?
You see what I mean?
You see what I mean?
If you don't have an ACP and you don't have the accrual pair events,
even if you are not using the global transparency solution
and you do the reporting manually, how will you do that?
OK, so the payment which has been happened in SAP
that we can find out from SAP IBI.
Now, the issue right now, what we are having
that those events which happened in February, March,
their invoice have been posted in SAP,
but that does not been paid because payment
would happen basis the credit arms of the vendors.
So it received not invoiced?
Yes.
So if we can see, we may see our status in SAP
as a post date or created or index, but not the paid.
And that paid goes to SAP IBI.
So those payments basis the SAP individual data.
We have taken an account and factored for reporting,
but those data is completely missed in this SAP IBI, IBI report.
Probably in future, one, two months, probably two months
down the line, we may get the data.
So that is the reason, the manual data captured,
all which are paid plus provision plus a post date.
I'm happy just to simplify.
In Be sure, we always capture the quotation
as well as invoices.
The basis there, the tracking was already prepared
by the third party, which captures against which event,
which are the payments pending to be posted
and which are already in the SAP.
So we have that available, but it is just
that we don't have a report which clearly
by for case, what is paid and posted in SAP right now.
So it was a manual of what that has enabled us to reconcile
all of this.
Mathya.
Yeah.
Yeah, Mathya.
Yeah.
And there were two other three, I mean,
incidentals, but important.
One, this is the first time, of course, India
is coming under the Transparency Reporting Act,
and which means, and also given whatever indications
that we have, the multinational organizations
are going to be under a lot more scrutiny
than the local organizations are.
They've already made an example of one
of the multinational organizations a few months back
on one of the breaches.
And all indications are that all multinational organizations
are going to be under heavy scrutiny
for at least the cycle, right?
So hence, there has been a lot of reliance on what
is going to be a uniform standard approach to reporting
across the members, the member organizations
of the association.
And we are having a uniform approach
towards reporting some of these, right?
So we are being a lot more conservative and not aggressive.
And we are ensuring that even the ones
which have been accrued, and one spare services have been
taken, but payments will be made at a later stage.
They'll still be reported.
There is a provision where we have,
used disclaimers.
And we have also put in those comments,
but not exhaustive, limited comments,
just to ensure that some of the clarity could be
provided towards some of these items.
So hence, the concern on how we really show up
in the first year of reporting.
But Adi Nash, then, are you telling me
that you already have done the data collection, right?
For what you believe should be disclosed
by the end of this week.
You have for the truly guaranteed days.
Yeah.
I mean, what is the question today?
Is it the, are you asking for an exemption
to use the global solution and the global end
to follow the global process?
Now, that's the intent, Matthew.
Just to bring you wherever.
Thank you.
Where that goes from the country
is to go with the manual disclosure,
but for now, standard global transparency solution
because we recently implemented.
I'm absolutely, but for me, it's fine.
Absolutely.
I mean, I will never prevent you
to do what you feel it's best for you.
We are no one to say that.
I mean, I feel it's a little bit ashamed
that the teams and so much effort to implement.
I don't know exactly if we missed something
in the business requirements,
or if we did not enough listen to you.
But obviously, if you have the report really
in with the manual data collection
and you feel comfortable with the figures,
you should report that you have definitely.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, Ashley, is it what you were asking for more?
That was the, that was the ask,
but you will also develop a couple of other evolving
situations.
The other evolving situation was one
of the key signatories to the transparency report
was the country precedent.
And the country precedent would have
to record a signature on the report
before the report is presented.
And he was also traveling.
So he's currently out of the country.
So before he moved out of the country
or official purpose, we had to kind of see the report.
And be comfortable with what was captured in the report.
So if, and those were the pieces.
And of course, all of this was in accordance
and in line with how the association guided us.
And what was the directive in terms
of how it had to be presented.
So those were, of course, weighed in also very heavily.
And hence the ask and the request from Ashley.
I mean, Ashley, no, no, so let's go apparently,
you're already, you know, you're done with the reporting.
So let's continue what you've initiated.
Just first of all, and I hope, let's be,
let's speak honestly and transparently,
even if the team is on the phone today.
But do you feel that we, we as a global transparency team,
we miss something about your requirements.
And using that, that there was a misduring the project
that we, explaining why we are facing this situation today.
Matthew, I'm really sorry.
I don't have the historical reference
because I got into the role six months back.
Okay.
And, and I'm, I'm just carrying the work
that was already underway.
So I, I'm not really, okay.
I'm sure of what conversations have happened before.
I'm really sorry.
I'm not able to throw much light on that.
Okay, maybe satish one last question
and then I ended up to you.
So, at the nation and, and how much are they on?
Are you comfortable also?
And can we say that, even if this one is done manually?
First, we would need to, if this is okay with you,
we would need to load the data into the global transparency
solution because for internal analytics purpose,
we need to have a full view of the total transfer of values
for the company because we are presenting, for example,
to Patrick Harper on Monday.
And he wants to see the entire, the, the entire tier of his,
but this one and they're also more importantly,
because this one is just for internal analytics,
but more importantly, are you comfortable that,
for the, I mean, are you okay?
Sorry, that for the future, we will really understand
how we should address the issues and moving for one final solution
for you to get the data directly from the global solution
because colleagues, these should save significant time
on you, right?
And so sorry that you spent so much time
on transparency, but in the future,
we should be able to provide you something
that you are mostly comfortable with and you just review
and sign off if you agree with you.
Okay, absolutely, absolutely Matthew,
and I think that's the whole idea.
And we would definitely going forward
like to rely on the global transparency tool.
And we need to find some solutions to some of these challenges
that we have enough in our, in our systems today
and how do we really overcome that,
but we're really looking up to you
to help us find solutions.
But that's clearly the intent.
I would really want to ask you,
what do we also want to kind of share?
What's our finding of the reporting
and how our format looks like
and what is it that you want to share with them?
In the current UCP, report, how is it?
Do you want to share that data also with them?
Yes, so we have actually have that format ready
with us, the way UCP and P,
asked us to report it with the total amount
and total aggregate level.
So, and we got this data from the backup data
where we have the spent, under different spend here.
So we are having a specific data set
for speaker fees, render fees and also it gives
a complete visibility how that total data is coming for.
So we have the backup data and from there,
we have generated the report.
Okay, so we will load your report
into the global transparency solution, right?
Afterwards, once you've published,
we will take your data excel
and we will load that into the global transparency solution.
So Matthew, do you mean to say
that once this posted entries or posted SAP line items
are reaching in the SAP IBI?
That's when we do it?
I need to discuss with the team
because you're absolutely right, sorry.
We already have access to the data, right?
Because we already have the interface with ACP,
so we don't need to reload your Excel file,
we have the data, okay?
Now forget about what I said and forget about what I said.
No, the only question mark would be on the RCF control
colleagues, so there are like six, so now it's nine,
we increase to nine.
We have nine RCF controls that we need to execute
on the countries in scope of transparency reporting.
And so we need to see how we do that without you
following the global process.
But it's manageable, we do it with the US
and they are not following the global process.
So just that please keep in mind that we need to work together
on the RCF controls.
And it's all about colleagues,
it's all about reconciliation between SAP
and what has been reported, so it's as your face,
I think it's a URR, RCF, are you familiar with RCF?
Yeah, so that's what I'm talking about.
Self-assessment, right?
Sorry, yeah, self-assessment,
I'm key control testing.
Yeah, one that is supposed to be done in July.
Yeah, you're correct.
You're already very familiar with the process.
Yes, correct.
So reset issue, you are waiting for some time.
Sorry, no worries Matthew.
Just to commend on the question that you asked,
did we miss during the initial project scooping?
I have double verified all the URR's documentation
plus the confirmation that we got during the input collection
when we have set in the ITR also.
So this is not a miss,
the information came out to light very recently.
So I can share the information of course.
I definitely did, but I can tell from Matthew.
But Matthew, I think you know,
I don't think we should look at this as a miss
or a lack of support,
but I think being the first year of transparency,
supporting a lot of these aspects
are also learning for us as well, right?
So I think we are also learning as we're going along
and some of these pieces which were never,
I mean, which used to happen the way it is happening,
but we never really saw that.
For example, the posting bit,
it never really probably occurred to us
that this is the way it would be.
So I think it's more of a discovery phase.
Today as we've completed the year,
I think we are a lot more informed of how things have,
what things happen and how they get reported
and what we need to keep in mind.
And I think we just need to kind of really integrate
that into our tool,
but I don't need that as a miss or a lack of support.
I don't see it that way.
I just see that as a first-time unique experience
that we've had.
And so we might not have been able to articulate everything
and we might not have been visible
of every possible thing that there is.
And to that extent,
there could also be a miss from our end,
but I don't see that as a lack of support from any team.
Definitely not.
No, no, no, I'm glad you said,
you're not doing this,
I think we're pointing to us now.
So I'd now appreciate that.
I'm not really good.
And this is true that with the complex regulatory requirements,
this is true that sometimes it takes a bit,
it's not as straightforward as a normal FIA country.
So, yeah, I mean, it is what it is.
But thanks a lot.
So just to kind of share that's okay, Matthew.
So there were some member organizations
which were using GKC tools in their own,
it could be astral or it could be BMS, I don't remember.
And when they came and there were many workshops
that were conducted by the local association,
industry association on this topic, right?
And one that we recently participated in,
I think they were talking about the challenges
of their global GTC tool exactly on these fronts.
Yeah.
Because even their tool was unable to capture
the post-aid or the accrued ADA,
and it's just giving them an aggregated ones.
Because that's the requirement
across the other affiliate countries worldwide.
India is a very different, unique local, global,
global, the requirement of the government
is very, very different.
So then they have resorted also to manual pieces
and to ensure that all the member organization
have a standard approach.
So there was a directive saying
that let's approach it this way.
So it's evolving one method.
So honestly, time may be venting,
looked at the data, we really were trying to rack up brains
and say that, how do we do this?
Can you just, yeah, please.
You here to understand this,
is there any opportunity for India to do a republication
or do we really strict about any republication?
Why would you do a question?
What would a question is a case?
I think even this was the question that some of us asked.
Because the fear of misreporting was so high,
we checked with the DOP if there was a case of,
or if there's a possibility of re-submitting this,
just like your income tax, advance tax, et cetera.
And it's still the question up in the air.
We don't know.
We don't know what DOP,
because DOP is keeping all the cards pretty close to the chest.
And we really don't know what would the directives be
and how, and if they would allow us a review,
because a lot of companies came up with the proposal
that things would be a lot more clear
or post 31st of March.
And after we have submitted,
there could be a lot more clarity that would come in.
So do we have an opportunity to re-submitted?
We have had no response to this.
We'll have to wait and watch and see how things evolve from here.
The reason I wish, the way that we approach the GT solution,
it is same for all the markets, right?
But the only difference that I see between other markets
and India is, the window is only two months.
So for other countries, it is around six months.
So by the time when we do a disclosure for other markets,
all the actuals are already paid.
That means the clear dates already come with us, right?
So that we were able to disclose all the data.
So that's the reason I'm just looking at
if there is any opportunity for re-submitting the report
after a quarter or so, then it would solve by itself.
You know, the two that we have.
I think we have requested as an organization,
as an association for a window again, Sathish,
but there has been no response from the DOP.
But if that happens and if there is a second window available,
going forward, then GTC tool becomes the best option, right?
So, but without any modifications in the current way, right?
Because then everything gets easily visible
and you can just report whatever really comes out of it.
But if it is not, if it is not,
then we might have to really rethink on the design
and see what can be changed
and how can we really capture the posted data.
But that's for a later date, but let's just go ahead.
But this is a window question.
It's still up in the air.
We don't know how it's going to manifest,
but just give us some time.
We will definitely keep you informed
of what and how this is evolving.
But at the stage, I'm as clueless as you are.
Honestly, I don't have any answer.
Thank you.
And Chris, we'll need to do a make a reconciliation
between SAP and Bishur, with definitively.
And once there will be this reconciliation option
in Bishur, maybe, I mean, we have already
the reconciliation option in Bishur with SAP to be.
We have two media.
These terms are not actually linked, Matthew.
Be sure this app, they don't speak to each other.
But it's my understanding is that it's
planned for various in the next three days or two, right?
It should be available very soon.
Probably as a country, we don't have that information, Matthew.
OK, the second I will check with the person
with the system owner in the browser.
I will check that too.
I will let you know.
Because then, then, also, soft truths
will be more be sure than SAP then.
For you.
Call the particulates.
So Matthew, we also have another third system, which
is conquer, because there are times
when we also book the flights, et cetera,
accommodation through conquer.
Yeah.
OK.
Easy.
Easy.
PCD.
It is not integrated.
The PCD is integrated with GTC.
It's a global transparency solution.
Yeah.
OK.
I mean, look, this is a discussion we
can continue.
We are already over time.
But definitely, let's conclude.
Please, thanks, colleagues, so much for your manual,
for having prepared the disclosure manually.
Big, big, big thank you for that.
Effectively, it's a distance for us as well.
And let's meet after your disclosure in order
to make sure that we adjust our process
in order to make your requirements.
But, colleagues, we are covering 50 plus countries.
So I'm very sure that even if you have specific requirements,
we will manage.
We should manage.
We will be able to achieve that.
No, thank you, Matthew.
In fact, we definitely want to rely on GTC
for the upcoming reporting the next year.
And we will come back to you with what
is the status with the DOP this year.
We'll share with you everything that we have.
And we'll walk together and see what we can do.
Fantastic.
Fantastic.
Hey, Avina, sure.
So I know the expectations are there
from the local association, just to be realistic also
from what we observed from the other countries
with the first year of disclosure.
Honestly, you need exactly, as you say before,
the companies then in a few years
to be at the level that is expected from the association.
So I wouldn't worry too much to be honest with you.
Absolutely.
It's just that there have been a few instances
where the government is being a little hard
on a couple of organizations.
So we just don't want to be on the wrong side.
And it's just that all the presidents
are just being doubly careful, more cautious than brave.
So I think we'll get there.
So hopefully the ticket can lead to fines.
It's more than fines.
They won't be prosecuted.
Is it a loo or is it a good?
It's a loo.
So what?
So I think in the first year, given one
of the member organizations, the government
has come so hard that it's not just so a lot of agencies
can really come after you, the income tax.
And all of the investigative agencies
can really open, can come knocking on the doors.
This is this.
And that's the worry.
And all your books of account are going to be opened up.
So I don't know how this will mature.
And given the first year, at this point of time,
it's only conjecture.
But I think if we will have to just wait and watch
what's the maturity with which government really
looks at this and how it handles this.
But at this point of time, it really
looks very draconian.
And it's more fear.
And hence, people are a little cautious
and don't want to be on the wrong side.
So that's the whole idea, Matthew.
OK.
Look, we are here.
So it's not because you agree that you will do it manually.
If you need any help, we are a big team.
40 plus people.
We are here to support you.
So should you need our help to reduce something,
to load data for you or whatever it is,
just let us know.
Really big help, Matthew.
Thanks a ton to you and your team for the help and support.
And Rashi has been of great help.
And I don't see it again.
I want to re-emphasize.
I don't think it's a lack of support.
In fact, we've had a lot of support.
And I can go and record to say this.
And at least the last six months, I've
missed a lot of support.
And I think it's because it's an evolving and a dynamic one,
it's possible that we've also missed a couple of things.
But just give us this one cycle.
And we'll see how it goes from year on.
Sounds big.
Sounds big.
And thanks for saying that about the team.
I had not done that up to 30.
But thanks for saying.
Thank you so much.
Take care.
We stay here.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Take care, everyone.
Hey, thanks.
