So we are taking it from SAP only.
Then we are good.
So I need the, I mean, this I would effectively
be in favor to use the global transparency solution
for the reporting of one of the legal entities,
but I really want the local compliance team
to be comfortable with that.
So Matthew, really, the challenge is here on the second point.
The legal entity we already discussed earlier with Rashi.
And there was a work around that they proposed right now,
which we could have worked.
But challenge really is the second point
where we would have to capture the posting data as well,
which is not there currently in the SAP IPA report.
So that means we will have a missing data coming
in the IPA report.
OK.
Just on this front, I don't.
So this is very different.
Usually transparency reporting is based on payment.
So we are disclosing what Novartis effectively
give to HCPs, HCOs, and patient organizations.
What I'm trying to understand is, are we sure
that this is the regulatory requirement
to disclose at an event level and not at payment level?
Because this is very new to me.
We don't have such situation in any of the 50
plus countries that we are managing.
So Matthew, you're absolutely correct.
So Novartis, not Novartis, India
has got a pre-unique regulatory requirement
which requires the pharmaceutical organizations
to report at the event level, which
means once an event happens and the provisions are made.
So the postings that happens through the financial reporting
needs to be captured.
And this clarification has been
grow, has been received through the industry association
and also through the Department of Pharmaceuticals
for India.
So this is a directive that we've...
So what happens is, March 31st is the annual year
so events that happen the last week or in the month,
depending on the contract of the vendors,
the payment will not get processed in time,
but it will get provisioned.
And if it gets provisioned, it can still be posted.
Yeah.
The payment can happen at a later stage.
So that needs to be...
And because the event has happened within the fiscal year,
it needs to be captured in the report.
Nice images.
OK.
But so...
And we have a clear view on what has been accrued
as of March 31st that needs to be reported
to we have a clear visibility on the accords.
Really?
Absolutely.
Absolutely, yes.
Yeah.
I know that there are payment that are posted,
which have to be considered for the purpose of reporting.
But if you are asking clear visibility,
as in we don't have that split between what is the exact payment
that needs to be...
That is in the posting case state.
Because that keeps on changing a week after week.
Can you repeat this last sentence?
I'll teach you the issue of the...
So if you have the accords...
Let's assume you have an event of 100.
60 has been already invoiced as of March 1st,
so it's in...
And it has been paid, sorry, as in paid.
So it's already in ACP.
You have 40.
You know that the service has been executed,
so you have 40 that has been accrued.
But by March 31st, this has not been paid.
But those 40, if I understand well the rule
that we have in India, those 40 needs to be reflected.
But with the accords that have been done,
we should be able to link the accrued amount
with the event, no?
So, Matthew, we don't have this event
while identification.
There is a payment that does not happen yet.
So we don't have events by event,
the split between paid and a bank, okay.
But then, colleagues, I mean, you know, I will never...
I mean, please don't get us wrong.
We will never force you to use a system
that you are not comfortable to use.
Honestly, considering the situation
and considering that we need to report by the end of the week,
this is really...
I mean, we need to go with what we use,
what we feel is the best solution.
The thing is, if you don't have it for the global transparency solution,
you will not have it neither for in Excel, right?
Or how do you plan to solve this?
You see what I mean?
You see what I mean?
If you don't have an ACP and you don't have the accrual per events,
even if you are not using the global transparency solution
and you do the reporting manually, how will you do that?
Okay, so the payment which has been happened in SAP
that we can find out from SAP IBI.
Now, the issue right now, what we are having,
that those events which happen in February, March,
their invoice are being posted in SAP,
but that does not been paid
because payment would happen
basis the credit arms of the vendors.
But received not invoiced.
Yes.
So if we can see, we may see our status in SAP
as a post date or created or index,
but not the paid.
And that paid goes to SAP IBI.
So those payments basis the SAP individual data,
we have taken an account and factored for reporting,
but those data is completely missed in this SAP IBI report.
Probably in future, one, two months,
probably two months down the line, we may get the data.
So that is the reason, you know,
the manual data captured all which are paid plus provision
plus, you know, posted.
Okay.
Matthew, just to simplify,
in be sure we've always captured the quotation
as well as invoices, basis there,
the tracking was already prepared by the third party,
which captures against which event,
which are the payments pending to be posted
and which are already in the SAP.
So we have that available,
but it is just that we don't have a report
which clearly by for case,
what is paid and posted in SAP right now.
So it was a manual effort that has enabled us to reconcile
all of this, Matthew.
Yeah.
Yeah, Matthew.
Yeah.
And there were two other three,
I mean, incidentals, but important.
One, this is the first time, of course,
India is coming under the Transparency Reporting Act
and which means and also given whatever indications
that we have, the multinational organizations
are going to be under a lot more scrutiny
than the local organizations are.
They've already made an example of one of the multinational
organizations a few months back on one of the breaches
and all indications are that all multinational organizations
are going to be under heavy scrutiny
for at least the cycle, right?
So so hence there has been a lot of reliance on
what is going to be a uniform standard approach
to reporting across the members,
the member organizations of the association
and we are having a uniform approach towards
reporting some of these, right?
So so we are being a lot more conservative
and not aggressive and we are ensuring that
even the ones which have been accrued
and one spare services have been taken
but payments will be made at a later stage
that still will report it.
There is a provision where we have
used disclaimers and we've also put in those comments
but not exhaustive limited comments
just to ensure that some of the clarity could be
provided towards some of these items.
So hence the concern on how we really show up
in the first year of reporting.
But I've been asked then, are you telling me
that you already have done the data collection, right?
For what you believe should be disclosed
by the end of this week.
You have for the truly guarantees.
Yeah.
I mean,
so what is the question today?
Is it, are you asking for an exemption
to use the global solution and the global end
to follow the global process?
No, that's the internal Matthew.
Just to bring you over.
Thank you.
Thank you.
That is from the country is to go with the manual
disclosure, not for the standard global
transparency solution because very simply implemented.
I'm absolutely, but for me it's fine.
Absolutely.
I mean, I will never prevent you to do what you feel
it's best for you.
We are no one to say they were.
I mean, I feel it's a little bit ashamed
that the teams spend so much effort to implement.
I don't know exactly if we missed something
in the business requirements or if we did not
enough listen to you.
But obviously if you have the report really
in with the manual data collection
and you feel comfortable with the figures,
you should report that you have definitively.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, actually, it's what you were asking for more.
That was the, that was the ask, Matthew.
And also there were a couple of other evolving
situations.
The other evolving situation was one of the
East signatories to the transparency report
was the country president.
And the country president would have
to record his signature on the report
before the report is presented.
And he was also traveling.
So he's currently out of the country.
So before he moved out of the country
or official business, we had to kind of see the report
and be comfortable with what was captured in the report.
So if, and those were the pieces.
And of course, all of this was in accordance
in line with how the association guided us.
And what was the directive in terms of how
it had to be presented.
So those were the things.
So of course, Wade in also very heavily.
And hence the ask and the request from our side.
I mean, no, no, so let's go apparently you're already
you're done with the reporting.
So let's continue what you've initiated.
Just first of all, and I hope let's be,
let's speak honestly and transparently
even if the team is on the phone today.
But do you feel that we as a global transparency team,
we miss something about your requirements.
And using that, there was a miss during the project
that we explaining why we are facing this situation today.
Matthew, I'm really sorry.
I don't have the historical reference
because I got into the role six months back.
And I'm just carrying the work that was already underway.
So I'm not really sure of what conversations have happened
before.
I'm really sorry.
I'm not able to throw much light on that.
OK, maybe satish one last question.
And then I ended up to you.
So all the nation and the Russian
they are, are you comfortable also?
And can we say that even if this one is done manually?
First, we would need to, if this is OK with you,
we would need to load the data into the global transparency
solution because for internal analytics purpose,
we need to have a full view of the total transfer
of values for the company because we are presenting, for example,
to Patrick Harper on Monday.
And he wants to see the entire, the entire tier of this.
But this one and they were so more importantly
because this one is just for internal analytics.
But more importantly, are you comfortable
that for the, I mean, are you OK, sorry?
That for the future, we will really understand
what, how we should address the issues
and moving forward, find a solution for you
to get the data directly from the global solution
because colleagues, these should save significant time
from you, right?
And so sorry that you spent so much time
on transparency, but I think in the future,
we should be able to provide you something
that you are mostly comfortable with.
And you just review and sign off if you agree with you.
OK, absolutely, not absolutely, Matthew.
And I think that's the whole idea.
And we would definitely going forward,
like to rely on the global transparency tool.
And we need to find some solutions to some of these challenges
that we have enough in our systems today.
And how do we really overcome that?
But we're really looking up to you
to help us find solutions.
But that's clearly the intent.
I would really want to ask, you know what,
what do we also want to kind of share?
What's our finding of the reporting?
And how our format looks like and what
does it that you want to share with them?
In the current UCP API report, how is it?
Do you want to share that data also with them?
So we have actually had that format ready.
We passed the way UCPMP asked us to report it
with the total amount and total aggregate level.
So and we got this data from the backup data
where we have the spin under different spin here.
So we are very specific data set
for speaker fees, render fees, and also it gives
a complete visibility how that total data is coming for.
So we have the backup data and from there,
we have generated the report.
OK.
So we will load your report into the global transparency
solution, right?
Afterwards, once you've published, we
will take your data and we will load that into the global
transparency search.
So Matthew, do you mean to say that once this posted entries
or posted SAP line items are reaching in the SAP IBI?
That's when we do it?
I need to discuss with the team because you
are absolutely right, sorry.
We already have access to the data, right?
Because we already have the interface with SAP.
So we don't need to reload your Excel file.
We have the data.
OK, now forget about what I said and forget about what I said.
No, the only question math would be on the RCF control
colleagues.
So there are like six, so now it's nine.
We increase to nine.
We have nine RCF controls that we need to execute on the countries
scope of transparency reporting.
And so we need to see how we do that without you
following the global process.
But it's manageable.
We do it with the data.
